.TH "corelib" 3 "15 Jun 2009" "Version 0.113" "q4wine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
corelib \- This class provide general core functions for q4wine.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <src/q4wine-lib/main.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcorelib\fP (bool \fB_GUI_MODE\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate an mainlib class. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QList< QStringList > \fBgetWineProcessList\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function tries to get wine process list running in the current system. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QVariant \fBgetSetting\fP (const QString group, const QString key, const bool checkExist=true, const QVariant defaultVal=QVariant()) const "
.br
.RI "\fIThis function get application settings. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBgetWhichOut\fP (QString fileName)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function get cdrom devices from /etc/fstab file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QStringList \fBgetCdromDevices\fP (void) const "
.br
.RI "\fIThis function get cdrom devices from /etc/fstab file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QStringList \fBgetWineDlls\fP (QString prefix_lib_path) const "
.br
.RI "\fIThis function builds wine dlls list for prefix_lib_path. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBshowError\fP (const QString message, const bool info=true) const "
.br
.RI "\fIDisplays error message depending on _GUI_MODE variable value. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fB_GUI_MODE\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDefine is library operate in CLI or GUI mode. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This class provide general core functions for q4wine. 

It is not useful by itself, but helps to create user-side applications which can use q4wine core functions; 
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file main.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QStringList corelib::getCdromDevices (void) const"
.PP
This function get cdrom devices from /etc/fstab file. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Return an list of cdrom devices. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 230 of file main.cpp.
.SS "QVariant corelib::getSetting (const QString group, const QString key, const bool checkExist = \fCtrue\fP, const QVariant defaultVal = \fCQVariant()\fP) const"
.PP
This function get application settings. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIgroup\fP Settings group. 
.br
\fIkey\fP Settings key. 
.br
\fIdefaultVal\fP Default returned value. 
.br
\fIcheckExist\fP If true - then we need to check exists file or dir by value or not. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Return an a key value. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 215 of file main.cpp.
.SS "QString corelib::getWhichOut (QString fileName)"
.PP
This function get cdrom devices from /etc/fstab file. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Return an list of cdrom devices.
.RE
.PP
This function get output from which shell built-in command.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Return the full path of binary. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 279 of file main.cpp.
.SS "QStringList corelib::getWineDlls (QString prefix_lib_path) const"
.PP
This function builds wine dlls list for prefix_lib_path. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIprefix_lib_path\fP Path for wine libs. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Return an list of cdrom devices. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 257 of file main.cpp.
.SS "QList< QStringList > corelib::getWineProcessList ()"
.PP
This function tries to get wine process list running in the current system. 
.PP
It gets process values: pid, name, nice priority and WINEPREFIX environment variable 
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
On Linux it uses /proc file system, and on FreeBSD/MacOS it uses /dev/kmem and kvm.h functions. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Return an array of QList which contains an QStringList 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 42 of file main.cpp.
.SS "int corelib::showError (const QString message, const bool info = \fCtrue\fP) const\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Displays error message depending on _GUI_MODE variable value. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImessage\fP Error message. 
.br
\fIinfo\fP Define display type. If false - user interactive message. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
When using an interactive display type, this functions returns a user selected value. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 307 of file main.cpp.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool \fBcorelib::_GUI_MODE\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Define is library operate in CLI or GUI mode. 
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
This is typically need for error message display. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 140 of file main.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for q4wine from the source code.
