.TH "Dir" 3 "15 Jun 2009" "Version 0.113" "q4wine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Dir \- This class provide database functions for \fBDir\fP table.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <src/core/database/dir.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBPrefix\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDir\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIClass constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QList< QStringList > \fBgetFieldsByPrefixId\fP (const QString prefix_id) const "
.br
.RI "\fIThis function gets all table fields by prefixId key value from table. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdelDir\fP (const QString prefix_name, const QString dir_name='') const "
.br
.RI "\fIThis function deletes all dirs fields by prefix_name keys value from table. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBaddDir\fP (const QString prefix_name, const QString dir_name) const "
.br
.RI "\fIThis function add dir by name and prefix_name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisExistsByName\fP (const QString prefix_name, const QString dir_name) const "
.br
.RI "\fIThis function check is reccord exists by dir_name or not. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This class provide database functions for \fBDir\fP table. 
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file dir.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool Dir::addDir (const QString prefix_name, const QString dir_name) const"
.PP
This function add dir by name and prefix_name. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIprefix_name\fP A prefix name value. 
.br
\fIdir_name\fP A name value. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Return true if exists. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 78 of file dir.cpp.
.SS "bool Dir::delDir (const QString prefix_name, const QString dir_name = \fC''\fP) const"
.PP
This function deletes all dirs fields by prefix_name keys value from table. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIprefix_name\fP A prefix name value. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Return true on success. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 61 of file dir.cpp.
.SS "QList< QStringList > Dir::getFieldsByPrefixId (const QString prefix_id) const"
.PP
This function gets all table fields by prefixId key value from table. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIprefixId\fP A prefixid value. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Return a list of table fields value or -1 on error. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBPrefix\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file dir.cpp.
.SS "bool Dir::isExistsByName (const QString prefix_name, const QString dir_name) const"
.PP
This function check is reccord exists by dir_name or not. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIprefix_name\fP A prefix name value. 
.br
\fIdir_name\fP A dir name value. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Return true if exists. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 91 of file dir.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for q4wine from the source code.
