.TH "IconSettings" 3 "8 Jul 2009" "Version 0.113" "q4wine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
IconSettings \- .IP "\(bu" 2

.PP
 

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <src/gui/iconsettings.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIconSettings\fP (QString prefix_name, QString dir_name, QString icon_name='', QWidget *parent=0, Qt::WFlags f=0)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is class constructor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBResizeContent\fP (int)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis slot function resize dialog content. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcmdAdd_Click\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis slot function adds selected dll to override list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcmdGetProgram_Click\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis slot function gets path to executable win32 binary. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcmdGetIcon_Click\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis slot function gets and extract icons. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcmdGetWorkDir_Click\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis slot function gets work directory. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcbUseConsole_stateChanged\fP (int)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis slot function trigger use console state. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcmdCancel_Click\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis slot for cancel button. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcmdOk_Click\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis slot for ok button. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetIconReccord\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function gets icon parms from database. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBresizeEvent\fP (QResizeEvent)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBeventFilter\fP (QObject *object, QEvent *event)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBloadThemeIcons\fP (QString themePath)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QIcon \fBloadIcon\fP (QString iconName, QString themePath)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void * \fBCoreLibPrototype\fP (bool)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBprefix_name\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBdir_name\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBicon_name\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBprefix_path\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBiconPath\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QList< QUrl > \fBprefix_urls\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISide bar URLs list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPrefix\fP * \fBdb_prefix\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDatabase prefix class defenition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIcon\fP * \fBdb_icon\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QLibrary \fBlibq4wine\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is need for libq4wine-core.so import. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "CoreLibPrototype * \fBCoreLibClassPointer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcorelib\fP * \fBCoreLib\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.IP "\(bu" 2

.PP


This class provide icon settings dialog functions. 
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file iconsettings.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "IconSettings::IconSettings (QString prefix_name, QString dir_name, QString icon_name = \fC''\fP, QWidget * parent = \fC0\fP, Qt::WFlags f = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
This is class constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIprefix_name\fP Current prefix name. 
.br
\fIdir_name\fP Current directory name. 
.br
\fIicon_name\fP Current directory name. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 32 of file iconsettings.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for q4wine from the source code.
