.TH "ImageManager" 3 "8 Jul 2009" "Version 0.113" "q4wine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ImageManager \- .IP "\(bu" 2

.PP
 

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <src/gui/imagemanager.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImageManager\fP (QWidget *parent=0, Qt::WFlags f=0)"
.br
.RI "\fIClass constructor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcmdOk_Click\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIOk button click slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBactionAddImage\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBImage\fP add slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBactionRenameImage\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBImage\fP rename slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBactionRemoveImage\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBImage\fP remove slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBactionRefreshImageList\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBImage\fP list refresh slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtableImage_showContextMenu\fP (const QPoint)"
.br
.RI "\fIContext menu show slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdate_lblPathInfo\fP (const QModelIndex)"
.br
.RI "\fIUpdate lilPAthInfo slot. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBloadThemeIcons\fP (QString themePath)"
.br
.RI "\fILoading theme icons. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcreateMenus\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fICreating menus. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QIcon \fBloadIcon\fP (QString iconName, QString themePath)"
.br
.RI "\fILoad icons. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetCDImages\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGetting CD images list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void * \fBCoreLibPrototype\fP (bool)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is need for libq4wine-core.so import;. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "QToolBar * \fBmanagerToolBar\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "CoreLibPrototype * \fBCoreLibClassPointer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcorelib\fP * \fBCoreLib\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QLibrary \fBlibq4wine\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImage\fP * \fBdb_image\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QAction * \fBactionAdd\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIActions. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QAction * \fBactionRemove\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QAction * \fBactionRename\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QAction * \fBactionRefresh\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.IP "\(bu" 2

.PP


This class provide image manager dialog functions. 
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file imagemanager.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for q4wine from the source code.
