.TH "Image" 3 "8 Jul 2009" "Version 0.113" "q4wine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Image \- This class provide database functions for \fBImage\fP table.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <src/core/database/image.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBPrefix\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImage\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIClass constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QList< QStringList > \fBgetFields\fP (void) const "
.br
.RI "\fIGetting images list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBgetPath\fP (const QString name) const "
.br
.RI "\fIGetting file path reccord by image name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisExistsByName\fP (const QString name) const "
.br
.RI "\fIChek for image existance by name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBaddImage\fP (const QString name, const QString path) const "
.br
.RI "\fIAdd image reccord. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdelImage\fP (const QString name) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBrenameImage\fP (const QString name, const QString old_name) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This class provide database functions for \fBImage\fP table. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file image.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool Image::addImage (const QString name, const QString path) const"
.PP
Add image reccord. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP image name 
.br
\fIpath\fP image file path 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
If image exists -- returns true. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 86 of file image.cpp.
.SS "QList< QStringList > Image::getFields (void) const"
.PP
Getting images list. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Return QList on QStringList containing images. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBPrefix\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file image.cpp.
.SS "QString Image::getPath (const QString name) const"
.PP
Getting file path reccord by image name. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP image name 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Return QList on QStringList containing images. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBPrefix\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file image.cpp.
.SS "bool Image::isExistsByName (const QString name) const"
.PP
Chek for image existance by name. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP image name 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
If image exists -- returns true. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBPrefix\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file image.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for q4wine from the source code.
