.TH "PrefixSettings" 3 "8 Jul 2009" "Version 0.113" "q4wine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
PrefixSettings \- .IP "\(bu" 2

.PP
 

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <src/gui/prefixsettings.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPrefixSettings\fP (QString prefix_name, QWidget *parent=0, Qt::WFlags f=0)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is class constructor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcmdCancel_Click\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICancle button click slot \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcmdOk_Click\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIOk button click slot \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBeventFilter\fP (QObject *obj, QEvent *event)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is an event filter. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBloadThemeIcons\fP (QString themePath)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function loads theme images to widgets. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QIcon \fBloadIcon\fP (QString iconName, QString themePath)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis function returns load theme image item by user selected theme. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void * \fBCoreLibPrototype\fP (bool)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBprefix_id\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBPrefix\fP id, and name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBprefix_name\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPrefix\fP * \fBdb_prefix\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDatabase prefix class defenition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QLibrary \fBlibq4wine\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is need for libq4wine-core.so import. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "CoreLibPrototype * \fBCoreLibClassPointer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcorelib\fP * \fBCoreLib\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.IP "\(bu" 2

.PP


This class provide prefix settings dialog functions. 
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file prefixsettings.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "PrefixSettings::PrefixSettings (QString prefix_name, QWidget * parent = \fC0\fP, Qt::WFlags f = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
This is class constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIprefix_name\fP Current prefix name. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 32 of file prefixsettings.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool PrefixSettings::eventFilter (QObject * obj, QEvent * event)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
This is an event filter. 
.PP
This event filter hendle button click events 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIprefix_name\fP Current prefix name. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 163 of file prefixsettings.cpp.
.SS "QIcon PrefixSettings::loadIcon (QString iconName, QString themePath)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
This function returns load theme image item by user selected theme. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIiconName\fP icon name 
.br
\fIthemePath\fP is a path to user selected theme ;) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 120 of file prefixsettings.cpp.
.SS "void PrefixSettings::loadThemeIcons (QString themePath)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
This function loads theme images to widgets. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthemePath\fP is a path to user selected theme ;) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 99 of file prefixsettings.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for q4wine from the source code.
