.TH "Run" 3 "15 Jun 2009" "Version 0.113" "q4wine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Run \- .IP "\(bu" 2

.PP
 

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <src/gui/run.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRun\fP (QString prefix_name, QWidget *parent=0, Qt::WFlags f=0)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is class constructor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ExecObject \fBexecObj\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcmdCancel_Click\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICancel button click slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcmdOk_Click\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIOk button click slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcmdAdd_Click\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd lib button click slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcomboPrefixes_indexChanged\fP (int)"
.br
.RI "\fIComboxBox change slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcbUseConsole_stateChanged\fP (int)"
.br
.RI "\fICheckBox change slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBResizeContent\fP (int TabIndex)"
.br
.RI "\fIResize window content slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcmdGetProgram_Click\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet program slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcmdGetWorkDir_Click\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet work dir slot. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBeventFilter\fP (QObject *object, QEvent *event)"
.br
.RI "\fIEvent filter. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetWineDlls\fP (QString wine_dllpath)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet wine dll list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgetPrefixes\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet exesting prefixes list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBloadThemeIcons\fP (QString themePath)"
.br
.RI "\fILoad theme images. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QIcon \fBloadIcon\fP (QString iconName, QString themePath)"
.br
.RI "\fILoad icon. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void * \fBCoreLibPrototype\fP (bool)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBprefix_name\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBprefix_dir\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPrefix\fP * \fBdb_prefix\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDatabase prefix class defenition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QLibrary \fBlibq4wine\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is need for libq4wine-core.so import. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "CoreLibPrototype * \fBCoreLibClassPointer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcorelib\fP * \fBCoreLib\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.IP "\(bu" 2

.PP


This class provide run dialog functions. 
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file run.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Run::Run (QString prefix_name, QWidget * parent = \fC0\fP, Qt::WFlags f = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
This is class constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIprefix_name\fP Current user selected prefix name. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 32 of file run.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for q4wine from the source code.
