.TH "Wizard" 3 "8 Jul 2009" "Version 0.113" "q4wine" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Wizard \- .IP "\(bu" 2

.PP
 

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <src/gui/wizard.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBWizard\fP (int WizardType, QString var1='', QWidget *parent=0, Qt::WFlags f=0)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is class constructor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBeventFilter\fP (QObject *obj, QEvent *event)"
.br
.RI "\fIEvent filter. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBloadThemeIcons\fP (QString themePath, int Scene)"
.br
.RI "\fILoad icon themes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "QIcon \fBloadIcon\fP (QString iconName, QString themePath)"
.br
.RI "\fILoad icon themes. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBvar1\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnextWizardPage\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fINext page button click slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpreviosWizardPage\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPrevios page button click slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBchangeBoxState\fP (int state)"
.br
.RI "\fIChekBox change slot. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcomboProxyType_indexChanged\fP (QString text)"
.br
.RI "\fIComboBox change slot. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdateScena\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction for updateing scene elements. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBcheckEntry\fP (QString fileName, QString info, bool isFile=TRUE)"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction for checking user selected elements. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef void * \fBCoreLibPrototype\fP (bool)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBScena\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBPage\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBTotalPage\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPrefix\fP * \fBdb_prefix\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDatabase prefix class defenition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIcon\fP * \fBdb_icon\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDir\fP * \fBdb_dir\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QLibrary \fBlibq4wine\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis is need for libq4wine-core.so import. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "CoreLibPrototype * \fBCoreLibClassPointer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcorelib\fP * \fBCoreLib\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.IP "\(bu" 2

.PP


This class provide wizar dialog functions. 
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file wizard.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Wizard::Wizard (int WizardType, QString var1 = \fC''\fP, QWidget * parent = \fC0\fP, Qt::WFlags f = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
This is class constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIWizardType\fP Type of wizard scenario. 
.br
\fIvar1\fP This variable used for different scenarion actions. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 127 of file wizard.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for q4wine from the source code.
