.TH "q4wine-helper" "1" "27 Jan 2016" "Q4Wine 1.2-r2 Manual" "Q4Wine Manual"
.SH "NAME"
q4wine-helper \- run Windows program in Q4Wine helper environment.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fB q4wine-helper\fR [\fBKEYs\fR] ...
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBq4wine-helper\fR is a console utility for Q4Wine which helps to handle Wine application exit status and its stdout\\stderr output logging.
.br
.SH "OPTIONS"
.RB "A summary of options is included below."
.TP
.BR "\-\-prefix"
sets current prefix name
.TP
.BR "\-\-wine-debug"
sets WINEDEBUG variable
.TP
.BR "\-\-console"
run with output in console
.TP
.BR "\-\-display"
sets DISPLAY variable
.TP
.BR "\-\-nice"
sets program niceness. See \fBman nice(1)\fR for details
.TP
.BR "\-\-desktop"
sets program virtual desktop resolution
.TP
.BR "\-\-program-bin"
sets program binary
.TP
.BR "\-\-program-args"
sets program args
.TP
.BR "\-\-wrkdir"
sets program working directory
.TP
.BR "\-\-program-lang"
sets program LANG variable
.TP
.BR "\-\-override"
sets WINEDLLOVERRIDES variable
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.B 0
if OK or
.B \-1
if serious troubles
.SH "FILES"
.TP
.I /usr/bin/q4wine
The
.B Q4Wine
main gui program
.TP
.I /usr/bin/q4wine-cli
The
.B Q4Wine
command line interface program
.TP
.I /usr/bin/q4wine-helper
The
.B Q4Wine
runner helper program
.TP
.I /usr/lib/q4wine
Directory containing
.B Q4Wine's
shared libraries
.TP
.I $HOME/.config/q4wine
Directory containing Q4Wine config, icons, database and temporary files.

.SH "AUTHORS"
.SS Thanks to all:
Q4Wine is available thanks to the work of many to all people, who were
involved in development process, testing, bugreporting, packaging or
translation creation. For a full listing of the authors, please see
the file
.B AUTHORS
in the top-level directory of the source distribution.

.SS Active developers:
.TP
Oleksii S. Malakhov (brezerk) <\fBbrezerk at gmail.com\fR>
Project maintainer, lead developer, web site designer and developer,
project documentation, support, etc. ;)

.TP
Sergey Skrypnic (opium) <\fBopium@jabber.com.ua\fR>
Website developer, hosting administration

.SS Inactive developers:
.TP
Pavel Zinin (pashazz) <\fBpzinin at gmail.com\fR>
Winetricks plugin developer

.TP
Dmitry Marakasov (amdmi3) <\fBamdmi3 at amdmi3.ru\fR>
FreeBSD support fixes

.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Q4Wine can be distributed under the terms of the GPLv3 license.
A copy of the license is in the file
.B LICENSE
in the top-level directory of the source distribution.

.SH "AVAILABILITY"
The most recent
.B public
version of wine can be downloaded from
.I http://q4wine.brezblock.org.ua/download/

The latest snapshot of the code may be obtained via
.B GIT
for information on how to do this, please see
.I http://q4wine.brezblock.org.ua/download/#git

Q4Wine, development headquarters, is at
.I http://q4wine.brezblock.org.ua
This website contains a great deal of information about Q4Wine.

.SH "BUGS"
If you find a bug in Q4Wine please report it to
<\fBbrezerk at gmail.com\fR> or directly to Q4Wine
bug tracker
.I https://sourceforge.net/projects/q4wine/
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBq4wine\fR(1),
\fBq4wine-cli\fR(1),
\fBwine\fR(1),
\fBwineserver\fR(1)\&
