.TH "q4wine" "1" "06 Apr 2010" "Q4Wine 0.118 Manual" "Q4Wine Manual"
.SH "NAME"
q4wine \- runs GUI utility for wine applications and prefixes management.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBq4wine\fR [\fBKEY\fR] ...
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Q4Wine is a Qt4
.I http://www.qtsoftware.com/
GUI for W.I.N.E.
.I http://winehq.org/
It will help you manage wine prefixes and installed applications.
.SS General features:
.br
- Can export Qt color theme into wine colors settings.
.br
- Can easy work with different wine versions at same time;
.br
- Integrated Wine AppDB browser;
.br
- Easy creating, deleting and managing prefixes (WINEPREFIX);
.br
- Easy controlling for wine process;
.br
- Easy installer wizard for wine applications; (Not yet. Wait for v. 0.120)
.br
- autostart icons support;
.br
- Easy cd-image use;
.br
- FuseISO\\Embedded FuseISO mount profiles;
.br
- You can extract icons from PE files (.exe .dll);
.br
- Easy backup and restore for managed prefixes.
.br
- Winetriks support.
.br
- and more...
.SH "OPTIONS"
.RB "A summary of options is included below."
.TP
.BR "\-m,  \-\-minimize"
minimize q4wine main window on startup
.TP
.BR "\-h,  \-\-help"
display help and exit
.TP
.BR "\-v,  \-\-version"
output version information and exit
.TP
.BR "\-b,  \-\-binary"
open run dialog for wine binary to execute wine binary
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.B 0
if OK or 
.B \-1
if serious troubles
.SH "FILES"
.TP
.I /usr/bin/q4wine
The
.B Q4Wine
main gui program
.TP
.I /usr/bin/q4wine-cli
The
.B Q4Wine
command line interface program
.TP
.I /usr/bin/q4wine-helper
The
.B Q4Wine
runner helper program
.TP
.I /usr/lib/q4wine
Directory containing 
.B Q4Wine's
shared libraries
.TP
.I $HOME/.config/q4wine
Directory containing q4wine config, icons, database and temporary files.

.SH "AUTHORS"
.SS Thanks to all:
Q4Wine is available thanks to the work of many to all people, who was
involved in development process, testing, bugreporting, packaging or 
translation creation. For a full listing of the authors, please see 
the file 
.B AUTHORS
in the top-level directory of the source distribution.

.SS Active developers:
.TP
Alexey Malakhov (John Brezerk) <\fBbrezerk at gmail.com\fR>
Project maintainer, main developer, web site designer and developer, 
project documentation, support e.t.c ;)

.SS Inactive developers:
.TP
Pavel Zinin (pashazz) <\fBpzinin at gmail.com\fR>
Winetriks plugin developer

.TP
Dmitry Marakasov (amdmi3) <\fBamdmi3 at amdmi3.ru\fR>
FreeBSD support fixes

.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Q4Wine can be distributed under the terms of the GPLv3 license. 
A copy of the license is in the file 
.B LICENSE
in the top-level directory of the source distribution.

.SH "AVAILABILITY"
The most recent 
.B public
version of wine can be downloaded from 
.I http://q4wine.brezblock.org.ua/download/

The latest snapshot of the code may be obtained via 
.B GIT
\. For information on how to do this, please see 
.I http://q4wine.brezblock.org.ua/download/#git

Q4Wine, development headquarters, is at 
.I http://q4wine.brezblock.org.ua
This website contains a great deal of information about Q4Wine.

.SH "BUGS"
If you find a bug in Q4Wine please report it to
<\fBbrezerk at gmail.com\fR> or directly to Q4Wine 
bug tracker 
.I https://sourceforge.net/projects/q4wine/
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP 
\fBq4wine-cli\fR(1),
\fBq4wine-helper\fR(1),
\fBwine\fR(1),
\fBwineserver\fR(1)\&
